docs(howto): add windows server config MAT-1766 (#418)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/elastic-metal/how-to/use-private-networks.mdx

  sudo ip addr add 10.10.10.10/24 dev eno1.1234
  ```

## How to configure the Private Network on Windows Server 2019

> 1. Log into your server as `Administrateur` using the Remote Desktop client.

Reviewer: is it right that this is in French?

2. Launch the **Server Manager** application.

3. Click **Local Server** in the menu on the left. Then click **Network card association** in the **Properties** section.

4. Click **Tasks** > **New Team**. Enter a team name of your choice (e.g. `default`) and tick the checkbox **NIC1**. Then click **OK**.

5. Select the **Team interfaces** tab in the **Cards and Interfaces** section. Click **Tasks** > **Add an interface**. A pop-up displays.

6. Enter a name for the new interface (e.g. `default - VLAN 1234` if your VLAN ID is 1234). Select **Specific VLAN** and enter the ID of your VLAN (e.g. 1234). Click **OK** to confirm.

  <Message type="important">

  Two network interfaces display: Your VLAN and `default`. Make sure to keep the default network as otherwise you lose access to your server via the public Internet.

  </Message>

7. Click **Start** > **Execute** and tpye `ncpa.cpl`. Then click **OK** to open the network connection manager.

8. Click on your VLAN network connection and right-click on it to open the menu. Click **Properties** to display the connection properties. 

8. Select **Internet Protocol version 4 (TCP/IPv4)** and click **Properties**. A pop-up displays.

> 0. Click **Use the following IP address** and configure the IPv4 configuraton of your Private Network. Then click **OK** to save your configuration and to close the window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Click **Use the following IP address** and configure the IPv4 configuration of your Private Network. Then click **OK** to save your configuration and to close the window.
```

> 9. Click **Close** to close the network interface prpoerties. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10. Click **Close** to close the network interface properties. 
```

  sudo ip addr add 10.10.10.10/24 dev eno1.1234
  ```

> ## How to configure the Private Network on Windows Server 2019

Reviewer 3: y'a pas plus recent que 2019 ?

1. Log into your server as `Administrateur` using the Remote Desktop client.

  <Message type="note">

  The default language of Windows Server installations is French. Make sure to use the user `Administrateur` when connecting to your server. If required you can [change the language of the operating system](/dedibox/dedicated-servers/how-to/change-win-server-language).

  </Message>

2. Launch the **Server Manager** application.

3. Click **Local Server** in the menu on the left. Then click **NIC Teaming** in the **Properties** section.

4. Click **Tasks** > **New Team**. Enter a team name of your choice (e.g. `default`) and tick the checkbox **NIC1**. Then click **OK**.

5. Select the **Team interfaces** tab in the **Adapters and Interfaces** section. Click **Tasks** > **Add interface**. A pop-up displays.

6. Enter a name for the new interface (e.g. `default - VLAN 1234` if your VLAN ID is 1234). Select **Specific VLAN** and enter the ID of your VLAN (e.g. 1234). Click **OK** to confirm.

  <Message type="important">

>   Two network interfaces display: Your VLAN and `default`. Make sure to keep the default network as otherwise you lose access to your server via the public Internet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Two network interfaces display: Your VLAN and `default`. Make sure to keep the default network as you will lose access to your server via the public Internet otherwise.
```

  </Message>

> 7. Click **Start** > **Execute** and tpye `ncpa.cpl`. Then click **OK** to open the network connection manager.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
7. Click **Start** > **Execute** and type `ncpa.cpl`. Then click **OK** to open the network connection manager.
```
